content/en/home/about.md, before:

---
title: "About Me"
image: "profile.jpg"
weight: 8
---

Hi! My name is Zachary Stept. I am a Computational and Data Science major in my fourth year at George Mason University. I am also a CDS STAR (Teacher's Assistant) for CDS 101 which is a class that introduces data analysis through the use of R. I have been introducing students to the program as a CDS STAR for four semesters.

I am currently seeking a summer internship or inofrmation for full-time employment once I graduate from George Mason University in May 2023. My professional contact information can be found below in the Contact section.

### Programming Languages and IDEs

* Java and Apache NetBeans: This was the first environment that I used to learn coding in high school. I have not used Java in a few years. Most knowledge is in geometric formulas and basic object-oriented programming.
* LaTeX and Overleaf: I have used this for writing papers that includes tables, images, bibliographies, and more.
* Matlab: Used this environment for a little bit. Most knowledge is in creating functions and analyzing matrices.
* NetLogo: Basic knowledge in building models/simulations.
* Python and Jupyter Notebook: Recently started using python. Most knowledge is in network analysis, creating basic functions, and SQL queries.
* R and RStudio: This is the environment that I have the most knowledge in. I am a teacher’s assistant that teaches this language to students. Most knowledge is in data analysis, creating visualizations, and basic website construction.
* SQLite and DB Browser for SQLite: Most knowledge is in queries for different databases.
* Fortran and SimplyFortran: Most knowledge is in all things scientific computing.

Commit message:

edited about me section with cds 201

content/en/home/about.md, after:

---
title: "About Me"
image: "profile.jpg"
weight: 8
---

Hi! My name is Zachary Stept. I am a Computational and Data Science major in my fourth year at George Mason University. I am also a CDS STAR (Teacher's Assistant) for CDS 101 which introduces students to data analysis and data science through the use of R, as well as CDS 201 which introduces students to computational social science through the use of NetLogo. I have been assisting students with CDS 101 for five semesters and have been assisting students with CDS 201 for one semester.

I am currently seeking a summer internship or inofrmation for full-time employment once I graduate from George Mason University in May 2023. My professional contact information can be found below in the Contact section.

### Programming Languages and IDEs

* Java and Apache NetBeans: This was the first environment that I used to learn coding in high school. I have not used Java in a few years. Most knowledge is in geometric formulas and basic object-oriented programming.
* LaTeX and Overleaf: I have used this for writing papers that includes tables, images, bibliographies, and more.
* Matlab: Used this environment for a little bit. Most knowledge is in creating functions and analyzing matrices.
* NetLogo: Basic knowledge in building models/simulations.
* Python and Jupyter Notebook: Recently started using python. Most knowledge is in network analysis, creating basic functions, and SQL queries.
* R and RStudio: This is the environment that I have the most knowledge in. I am a teacher’s assistant that teaches this language to students. Most knowledge is in data analysis, creating visualizations, and basic website construction.
* SQLite and DB Browser for SQLite: Most knowledge is in queries for different databases.
* Fortran and SimplyFortran: Most knowledge is in all things scientific computing.
